hey how's it going you're looking at the
Batpod this was released in the 2014 see
case there's the back of the card if you
want to read it
Batman 75th anniversary there's the card
art okay now the reason this thing gets
its own video it's not a new model as
you see but it's because it's the first
time it's been released in the mainline
it has been released before the first
release was on Hot Wheels motorcycles on
this red card which I believe was I'll
just look at the back 2012 so this was
released in 2012 on this red card there
it is
the bat-cycle or the Batpod sorry with
Batman on it
he's removable of course so there that
is it was released again in the 2013
motorcycles line right there same deal
same exact motorcycle Batpod with Batman
on top now this card and this card are
almost identical you have the exact same
picture on there you have the Dark
Knight Rises logo on there it's almost
exactly the same same size same
everything just a bigger blister on here
and you get Batman these are $2.00 this
one is $1.00
personally the moment Batman I think is
a little bit cooler than this one now
I'll still try to get two more of these
one for my buddy one for my carded
collection and one to open is that I
give me three total but I don't know
basically the exact well it is the exact
same motorcycle just know Batman so I
just thought I'd share that with you
pretty cool
anyways thanks for watching please check
out my other videos and have a great day